# Angular CBC - code angular by conventions!
The purpose of this module is to provide a quick way to start a new Angular 1.x application, using ES6 modules and its awesome syntax!
You will use some conventions in order to maximize the result with less effort!

### Install
> Please be sure you have already run ```npm init``` command in your project!

Once you're sure you have a valid package.json file, run these commands in your shell:
- ```npm i angular-cbc```
- ```./angular-cbc install```

### Effects
Something happened... Your project now has a new structure, with a js folder, an index.html file, a webpack.config.js file and a pages folder.

#### js folder
In this folder you will have:
- **app.js**, if you know Angular you know what's that. But there is just one difference: basically you do not have to touch this file... maybe never! :)
- **routes.js**, this file contains an array of routes that will be automatically used in this project! Just provide a name for the route, a matching URL and the controller used in this route! That's it!
This project uses angular ui-router, so we have a state provider instead of a route provider.
Using the awesome ui-router module you will have nested states/routes and abstract states

> **The first convention**
Each routes uses a template called as the route itself. So, if you provide a named state like **home**, the file under **pages/home.html** will be rendered!
Another example with nested states? Let's imagine we are under a state called **home.list**... well, it's assumed the template to be used is **pages/home.list.html**!

- **config.js**, sets the routes and some other initial configs
- **directives.js**, this file is used to import all the directives you will write. Don't forget to do not edit this file! It's autogenerated!

> **The second convention**
In order to write autoloading directives, you must to write them inside the **directives** folder, creating a sub folder with the same name of the .js file you will create... An example:
We are going to create a navbar directive; let's create a **navbar** folder under the directives one, and a **navbar.js** file inside the **navbar folder**
Note: Don't forget to export the function itself, according to the new ES6 module syntax

#### js/controllers folder
Put your controllers in this folder, exporting the class and importing it inside your routes file, creating a controller entry inside any object

> **The third convention**
You must extend the BaseController in any controller your create, in this way you can use the controller name to refer to its scope inside your html templates.
Example:
We create an HomeController, which extends BaseController. We set this controller in the routes file for the home state.
We set in the HomeController constructor two fields:
```javascript
    constructor($scope){
        super($scope)
        this.name = 'Test'
        this.surname = 'McTest'
    }
```
We want to show data in pages/home.html, and we can refer to the scope using home.name and home.surname! So basically the controller name withouth the controller suffix by convention!
> TIP: you can refer to the controller scope inside the html template also using the dollar sign... Just a shortcut so!
    ```
    <div>{{$.name}}</div><div>{{$.surname}}</div>
    ```



### Run
To run the project, just type `npm start` in your terminal and visit http://localhost:8080 from your browser


### TODO:
- currently I'm working on providing an SCSS watcher and bundler
